Mom sister
It's really hard for you to come all the way here
This is the daughter-in-law who has passed the door
Why don't you know the rules at all?
There is no reason for the elders to wait for the younger ones
Mom, slow down.
I said daughter-in-law
This palace is so big
If you are a girl, then worry less.
Since you are married to our evergreen family
Why don't you let him take care of it later?
Yes, sister-in-law.
Your top priority now
Just give birth to a big fat boy for our Song family
As for other things, leave it to my brother
After all, there are no other men in your Lin Mansion
My brother is the well-deserved head of the family
This is bullying no one in our neighborhood
Then you've kicked a stone.
Are you mistaken?
It was your Song family who came to our Lin family
Who gave you the courage?
Dare to talk to this lady like this